Update example_career_path.md (#156)
CaptainSifff/paper_teaching-learning-RSE: example_career_path.md

She uses those tools to create and automate some of the steps processing data and producing outcomes for her bachelor thesis (generating plots with matplotlib, maybe even CI for automatic building) 
and takes pride in a fully open and reproducible bachelor thesis enabling her to graduate with honours from the faculty of researchonomy.

## Master

Kay ponders whether to continue with computational researchology, which her Bachelor supervisor is responsible for, or enrol in a domain-agnostic RSE Master programme.
Researchers in computational researchology need to acquire a large part of the general RSE know-how presented
in this paper and specialise in Quantum-Accelerated Bayesian Optimisation methods.
However, Kay decides to go for the more generic route of a dedicated RSE programme because she wants to continue in academia,
but does not like the idea of becoming stuck with one research topic.
She also experienced the immediate satisfaction gained by helping colleagues from her research group with tricky technical
problems, which makes her happier than the subdued sense of achievement from having a research paper accepted long after she had written it.

> For her, coding and sharing knowledge in the form of software is more exciting than writing a paper focused mostly on the obtained results.

Reviewer: Little provocative but I like the idea. However, I don't think the question is if she likes one or the other better. But, she likes the second (software publication option), too.

> For her, coding and sharing knowledge in the form of software is more exciting than writing a paper focused mostly on the obtained results.

Reviewer: Little provocative but I like the idea. However, I don't think the question is if she likes one or the other better. But, she likes the second (software publication option), too.

```suggestion
However, for her, coding and sharing knowledge in the form of software is of similar importance to writing a paper focused mostly on the obtained results.
```

> The domain-agnostic RSE Master programme consists of a core of RSE topics with various electives for specialisation, some of them domain-specific (e.g., chemistry) or topic-specifi (e.g., cloud computing for reserach).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The domain-agnostic RSE Master programme consists of a core of RSE topics with various electives for specialisation, some of them domain-specific (e.g., chemistry) or topic-specific (e.g., cloud computing for reserach).
```

She also has to liaise with the central IT department to organise storage for the large data sets.
Towards the end of the programme, she visits her first RSE conference where she sees a lot of notions (SWLC, RC) in action that so far have been abstract in her master degree.
The exposure to the wider RSE community inspires her to invest additional time into her thesis to publish
her software project under an OSI-approved license and write an accompanying article in the open source journal JOSS[@JOSS].
Kay has now completed the RSE programme and has reached Junior RSE level.

## Junior RSE

Kay finds a position in the central RSE department at her university with a competitive IT salary.
Although the contract is temporary, there is a good chance that it will lead to a permanent position.
Kay completes the Software Carpentry Instructor training and teaches basic research computing, 
while advising fellow students of her department on better programming (DOCBB and MOD skill)
She also runs a seminar in the RSE Master programme. She publishes a condensed version of that in JOSE[@JOSE].

> During her teaching duties, she becomes aware of a new project in her department that requires an RSE community manager, 

Reviewer 2: Ah, OK, that's tricky....: What I meant was: an RSE that takes on the responsibility of managing a community (e.g. of domain scientist users).
I understand your correction, to mean a manager that manages a community of RSEs.

Reviewer 2: Here we need to decide which viewpoint to take.

Reviewer 2: maybe I should stick to the original "community manager RSE"

With her new responsibilities comes a shift in the importance of various aspects of her work.
Having this position in an inter-organisational project places far more emphasis on communication skills.
She is spending time teaching people (TEACH skill) to onboard them into the project.
There is a lot of interaction with different stakeholders to the project like funders and user groups (USERS skill).
And to keep track of where the project is going and how to distribute her time, she leverages Kanban boards (PM skills).
Her work so far has already been heavy on (TEAM) skills, but now also the leadership aspect comes into play.

## RSE-focused Principal Investigator

The job experience as a leading RSE for a large project was the last requirement necessary to be awarded the "Science Enabling Doctor" from an
institutionalised centre of RSE education, recognising her track record of valuable software contributions, and her specialised experience in
leading and mentoring people. Some personal choices in her career made the traditional route of doing a Dr.-Ing. inconvenient.

> These doctoral degrees are of course recognised by various funding agencies, such as the DFG, and hence enables RSEs that have chosen not to follow a research focused

Reviewer: Not so sure about this one.

```suggestion
These doctoral degrees are of course recognised by various funding agencies, such as the DFG, and hence enables RSEs that have chosen to not follow a research focused
```

Reviewer 3: I'm also not sure. 
@jcohen02 any gut feelings on this as a native speaker?

Author: As far as I understand, "not to" is more formal than "to not".

Reviewer 4: I guess I would say that "not to" is more definite (and I suppose more formal) in that I think "to not" is perhaps a more relaxed way of saying the same thing - so yes, I agree with @ljgarcia, I think classing one as more formal than the other is correct.
